Drilling can leave a skin zone around the wellbore whose hydraulic
The classical positive-skin assumption of a head jump fails for
A thin annulus of thickness r s around the wellbore.
Wellbore drawdown s w and skin-zone drawdown s skin on the same radial
The skin mass balance relating radial flux divergence, vertical flux
The first-order radial flux approximation in Equation (5).
The three head-gradient flux expressions in Equations (6a)-(6c).
The head-gradient interface balance in Equation (7), including skin
The reduced high-permeability interface relation in Equation (8).
A continuous-head interface relation with a radial flux jump balanced
The NSF boundary condition in Equation (9) with S f r s K z,skin.
The classical PSF head-jump condition in Equation (10) beside the
Laplace-domain dimensionless drawdown equations retaining radial and
The joint Laplace-Fourier drawdown expression in Equation (11)
Physical-time drawdown coefficients that retain their finite Fourier
The Equation (11) drawdown response in the physical time-space domain.
Owned PSF and NSF DIM sensitivity panels with parameter-specific
For high-permeability skin, the corrected negative-skin condition